“The Hungry Ant vs Mother Nature”

Sisyphus has the task to push a rock to the top of a mountain indefinitely because he can’t push it to the top. In other words, he has an impossible task to do. He has a purpose, but knows at the end he will never be able to achieve it. In this set of mind, my game is going to have a purpose, a goal. When the player thinks he has completed the task, he will be disappointed because the work is never going to be done.

Because the task of Sisyphus is a punishment, mine as to be a punishment too. An ant, an unoffensive animal of the chain food, is going to be the avatar. The task is to feed the poor little ant with a pure leaf from the tall tree. You have to grab a leaf on the tree and drag it to the ant to feed it. The trick is that when you give the leaf to the avatar, which would generally end the game, the wind is going to blow too hard so the ant can’t keep the lead with it.

The concept is simple, but have in mind to create a little frustration with the fact that you can’t succeed in this simple task. I wanted to create a simple game with a simple task to focus myself more on the coding part. I had difficulties making all my ideas come to life, so this is why I had to simplify my games by making only one leaf draggable. I hid the leaf through other ones to make it a little bit more challenging to find the draggable object. To make it more interactive, the element shakes when you have found it with the mouse over. I added a little sound to make it more comfortable for the player to see the draggable object. It is also a pleasant surprise while moving your mouse on the screen and suddenly earing leaves sound. The design of the game goes through the same concept: simplicity. I did not want to have "over the top" visuals to distract the player. I tried to keep my focus on the game and the interaction. Because I have no background in programming, I wanted to really concentrate on the code compare to my last projects. This way, I can spend more time learning Jquery instead of creating a super details ant or leaf.

I already had difficulties with javascript. Trying to learn jquery did cause me a lot of errors in my work. For the next project, I want to make my game with more details. I did a lot of readings on Jquery API documentation where I discover more function and interactions. I hope I would be able to integrate more of my discoveries and understand more the language.
