James Bridle put on the table in his essay « Something is wrong on the internet » that children are subject of much inappropriate contents on the web. Even when he was younger, he had access to weird things on his computer. Imagine now with all the technology advancement. Thousands of unofficial video of children TV shows are on youtube. The characters are doing weird stuff. Other videos are intended to attract the viewer to watch it for hours and hours. These content creators have found a way to make children addicted to those type of videos.

For this project, I decided to create a simple game designated for children in its simplicity to use, but can also be played by anyone who wants to procrastinate or got lost on the internet. Inspired by the book « you are the hero of your story,» the player has to make multiple choices to create his/her story. The answers are going to appear in the story at the end of the game that a narrator is going to read. To engage with James Bridle’s essay, even if the choices are simple and funny, the story generated at the end is going to be weird and unexpected.

The first part of the story the player as a control on it. The second part is generated randomly and make no sense, maybe except the part chosen answers reused. The possibilities are endless. The play interacts with the computer and think can control the story when in reality, when he wants to continue the game, discover that in fact he doesn’t, and the result is not what he was expecting at all. The background is going crazy, and the text appears and disappears so the play can’t read the story. He can try to listen to it, but it’s going to be difficult because of the rate. Because of those random effects, the player is going to try to see every possibility and try to read the story and can be kind of addictive, just like all the videos that make no sense on the internet, but that we keep watching. In brief, the grammar makes no sense and either the story. The primary goal is to create a new story every time someone plays and see how random it can get.

For this project, I have come to learn what tracery was and put the second part of the story with JSON. I had a lot of difficulties in the first project with JQuery, but now I feel a little bit more confident. I got lost in my code in the second story, so this is why I did a new JS file to make it more easy to work with. I did a lot of research to know how to animate my objects which was interesting. I would have like to only animate the chosen and random word in my stories, I could work on that in the future, be able to work with different arrays.
